I'm afraid he knows that you are the eldest lady of the Su family
Who cares? But I'm afraid he'll do something to you.
You and your eldest brother are guarding
What can he do to me?
I understand Gu Lecheng's ability
Just a straw bag
He may not be able to find out my identity yet
That seems to be true.
Ah!
Su Mingzhe is a cheapskate
How long did I take you out?
He came to ask me for someone
Anyway, the show is over, so I'll go first
Bye
Brother, you haven't finished reading it yet, brother, my good brother.
I have watched your performances since I was a child
Not to mention 100, there are 90
Just let me go
It's getting late.
Go back early
Mom and Dad are waiting at home
See you.
Why Su Mingzhe Su Mingyue's two homes
As much time as my little sister
And I just one day
Because I am Qingming
Hey, sister, wait for brother, brother will send it to you.
Hello, is the investigation clear?
Make a mistake again, I will kill you, Mr. Gu, believe me
Then Sunan is by no means the eldest lady of the Su family
Then why was he invited to the dance by Third Young Master Su?
Their relationship seems unusual
Hey.
I guess he must have climbed into Su Sanluo's bed
Mr. Sao Ai Gu
Then forget what to do next
Then I'm going to give him a taste of being advertised